Jazz is a music genre that originated in the African-American communities of New Orleans, United States, the late 19th and early 20th centuries, with its roots in blues and ragtime
Blue Note Records is an American jazz record label owned by Universal Music Group and operated under Capitol Music Group. Established in 1939 by Alfred Lion and Max Margulis, it derived its name from the blue notes of jazz and the blues. Originally dedicated to recording traditional jazz and small group swing, the label switched its attention to modern jazz around 1947. 
Blue Note has released albums by modern jazz artists such as trumpeter Ambrose Akinmusire, drummer Chris Dave, vocalist Gregory Porter, and recently the super-group R+R=NOW. 2014 saw the formation of the Blue Note All-Stars, a group composed of Robert Glasper (keys), Ambrose Akin-Musire (trumpet), Marcus Strickland (sax), Lionel Loueke (guitar), Derrick Hodge (bass), and Kendrick Scott (drums). Originally put together by Don Was for a one time performance at the Monterey Jazz Festival, the group decided to go into the studio and record a self-titled album that resulted in guest features from Herbie Hancock and Wayne Shorter, amongst others.[citation needed] Blue Note has also seen a continuity in releases from older artists such as Shorter, Charles Lloyd, Louis Hayes, Dr. Lonnie Smith, and more. 
Hancock's best-known compositions include the jazz standards "Cantaloupe Island", "Watermelon Man", "Maiden Voyage", and "Chameleon", as well as the hit singles "I Thought It Was You" and "Rockit". His 2007 tribute album River: The Joni Letters won the 2008 Grammy Award for Album of the Year, only the second jazz album, after Getz/Gilberto in 1965. 
After spending the following several years performing as a supporting band, Spalding released her fifth studio album, a funk rock-inspired concept album titled Emily's D+Evolution, co-produced by Tony Visconti, on Concord Records. The following year, she released the album Exposure, which was limited to 7,777 copies. Her subsequent sixth studio record, 12 Little Spells, was released in 2019, and peaked at number one on Billboard's Top Jazz Albums. The album also saw Spalding nominated for two Grammy Awards, winning in the Best Jazz Vocal Album category
‘The Avishai Cohen Music Award 2020’  Avishai instigating an outreach program that very much upholds the spirit of his label Razdaz Recordz.. it gives the opportunity for the overall winner to record and release worldwide an album in 2020. The year was complete with  a busy live tour schedule for Avishai with his ‘1970’ band, Trio and Orchestral performances An Evening with Avishai Cohen all over.

