Having been referred to as the "Queen of Pop" since the 1980s, Madonna is noted for her continual reinvention and versatility in music production, songwriting, and visual presentation.
On April 14, 2019, Madonna revealed that Madame X would be the title of her upcoming fourteenth studio album. The first single, a collaboration with Colombian singer Maluma called "Medellín", was released on April 17. Madonna also features on the track "Soltera" on Maluma's 2019 album 11:11. She also announced the Madame X Tour.
Katy Perry, is an American singer, songwriter and television judge. After singing in church during her childhood, she pursued a career in gospel music as a teenager.
In June 2019, she appeared in the music video for Taylor Swift's song "You Need to Calm Down".
On February 14, 2019, she released a song called "365", with DJ Zedd. Two months later, Perry was included on a remix of Daddy Yankee's song "Con Calma", featuring Snow. She followed this with the singles "Never Really Over" on May 31, "Small Talk" on August 9, and "Harleys in Hawaii".
Following the release of her single "Never Worn White", Perry revealed in the accompanying music video that she is expecting her first child with Bloom. "Daisies", the lead single from her upcoming sixth album.
Pierre David Guetta is a French DJ, record producer and songwriter. He has sold over nine million albums and thirty million singles worldwide. In 2011, Guetta was voted as the number one DJ in the DJ Mag Top 100 DJs poll. In 2013, Billboard crowned "When Love Takes Over" as the number one dance-pop collaboration of all time.
An alumnus of the National Youth Theatre in London, as an actor Sheeran has portrayed a recurring role on The Bastard Executioner, and in 2019, he appeared in the film Yesterday.
In 2019, Sheeran co-wrote country music singer Kenny Chesney's single "Tip of My Tongue". Sheeran was named artist of the decade by the Official Charts Company for being the most successful performer in the UK album and singles charts of the 2010s. Eight of his songs featured in the Official Chart Company's chart of the decade with three songs inside the top "Shape of You" was named number one.
Cross Me featuring Chance the Rapper and PnB Rock, debuted at number 9 in the UK.
Shakka revealed that he was working with Rihanna on her "absolutely insane" album. Rihanna confirmed that the album would be released in 2019, and later announced that it is a reggae project. In August 2019, fans noticed that Rihanna and co-songwriters Collin Edwards, Monique Lawrence, and Alexander Ogunmokun registered a song titled "Private Loving" with the music publishing organization BMI. In September 2019, it was announced she had signed with Sony/ATV Music Publishing. In December 2019, Rihanna alluded to her album withholding the release date in an Instagram post. She was next featured on Canadian singer PartyNextDoor's song "Believe It", which was released on March 27, 2020.
Gaga's sixth studio album, Chromatica, was released on May 29, 2020 to positive reviews. It debuted atop the US charts, becoming her sixth consecutive number one album in the country, and reached the top spot in more than a dozen other territories including Australia, Canada, France, Italy and the UK. Chromatica was preceded by two singles, "Stupid Love", on February 28, 2020, and "Rain on Me", with Ariana Grande, on May  The latter debuted at number-one in the US, making Gaga the third person to top the country's chart in the 2000s, 2010s and 2020s.

